what type of psychologists:
 Clinical neuropsychologists
 Clinical psychologists
 Community psychologists
 Counselling psychologists
 Educational and developmental psychologists
 Forensic psychologists
 Health psychologists
 Organisational psychologists
 Sport and exercise psychologists
 Psychologists with general registration



 what are their credentials:
 BSocSc (Hons), PhD Clinical Psychology and Clinical Neuropsychology.
BSc (Honours), DPsych (Clinical), Member of Australian Psychological Society (MAPS), Member of Australian Clinical Psychology Association (MACPA), Psychology Board Approved Supervisor.



Issues they can help with:
Abuse
Anxiety Disorders
Assertiveness Training / Communication
Adult ADHD Assessment / Diagnosis
Adult ASD Assessment / Diagnosis
Couples Counselling
Depression and Low Mood
Difficult Life Transitions
Emotion Dysregulation
Excessive Worry and Rumination
Grief and Loss
Insomnia and Sleep Issues
Marital Issues
Panic Attacks
Phobias and Fears
Relationship Issues / Break-up
Self-esteem Issues
Stress and Burnout
Complex Trauma
PTSD

bio of the psych:
I am Dr Jane Austin, a Clinical Psychologist with over 25 years of experience. I have broad experience encompassing community mental health, private practice, employee assistance programs and organisational psychology.
My authentic, warm and direct style allows me to initiate and grow one-on-one relationships, navigate challenging conversations and quickly grasp client needs. I work with adults, both individuals and couples. For Couples Counselling I use evidence-based methods such as the Gottman Method, Emotionally Focussed Therapy (EFT) for couples, Schema Therapy and EMDR Therapy.
In addition, I skillfully translate complex psychological theories into practical, meaningful solutions for individuals.
I conduct cognitive assessments, including adult ADHD and ASD, among others.
I have a PhD in Clinical Psychology and Clinical Neuropsychology from The University of Queensland and am a member of the Australian Psychological Society.

personal enjoyments about the psych:
I love to walk my dogs, go to the gym and spend as much time as possible at the beach.
I practise meditation and yoga.
I trekked to Base Camp.
I travelled and worked around the globe.

Fees and medicare rebates 
Eligible clients with a valid referral or Mental Health Treatment Plan (MHTP) issued by a GP or psychiatrist can claim Medicare rebates for up to 10 individual psychological sessions per calendar year. The current Registered Psychologist Medicare rebate is $137.05 per 50+ minute session. More about Medicare rebates >
Private health rebates depend on your private health policy and ‘extras’ cover. Please get in touch with your private health insurance to find out if you are eligible and the exact rebate amounts. More about Private Health Insurance rebates >